Allow whitespace at complex-message start (#854)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: spec/syntax.md

```

A **_<dfn>simple message</dfn>_** contains a single _pattern_,
with restrictions on its first non-whitespace character.
An empty string is a valid _simple message_.

> Whitespace at the start of a _simple message_ is significant,

Reviewer: while we at it...

```suggestion
Whitespace at the start or end of a _simple message_ is significant,
```

1. an optional list of _declarations_, followed by
2. a _complex body_

> Whitespace at the start of a _complex message_ is ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whitespace at the start or end of a _complex message_ is not significant,
and does not affect the processing of the _message_.
```

MUST be escaped as `\\`, `\{`, and `\}` respectively.

In the ABNF, _text_ is represented by non-empty sequences of

> `simple-start-char`, `text-char`, `escaped-char`, and `s`.

Reviewer: You're adding this because simple messages can start with non-`simple-start-char` whitespace? Would we be better moving the optional whitespace into that construct?

Author: I opted to instead remove `s` from `simple-start-char`; the overall effect should be the same, but it keeps the `-char` rule as a single character.

Reviewer: Oh, it's better than that: `simple-start-char` was not necessarily a single char previously because `s` is `1*`. So I'd say it makes the production single-char as originally intended and makes the start char clear that `.` isn't included.

> The first of these is used at the start of a _simple message_,
> and matches `text-char` except for not allowing U+002E FULL STOP `.`.

Reviewer: This actually needs revision, no?

```suggestion
The production `simple-start-char` represents the first non-whitespace in a _simple message_
and matches `text-char` except for not allowing U+002E FULL STOP `.`.
```
